Add a guide chapter about why document ids are separated from their contents (#305)
kuzzleio/documentation: src/core/1/guide/guides/essentials/security/index.md

> The `role` definition is represented as a Javascript object where each key at the root of the object identifies a `controller` by name:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `role` definition is represented as a JSON object where each key at the root of the object identifies a `controller` by name.
```

```js
{
  "policies": [
    {"roleId": "publisherRole"}
  ]
}
```

* Applies the publisher role only to the index "index1" and all its collections

```js
{
  "policies": [
    {
      "roleId": "publisherRole",
      "restrictedTo": [{"index": "index1"}]
    }
  ]
}
```

* Applies the publisher role only to the collections "foo" and "bar" in the index "index1", and then to the index "index2" and all its collections

```js
{
  "policies": [
    {
      "roleId": "publisherRole",
      "restrictedTo": [
        {"index": "index1", "collections": ["foo", "bar"]},
        {"index": "index2"}
      ]
    }
  ]
}
```
---
## Writing complex permission rules

So far, we've seen how to set permissions to API routes, using user roles and profiles.

But this is rarely enough to secure an application, as it's commonplace to reject queries or data depending of business rules.
For instance, suppose you have a chat application and you want the users to only be able to edit & delete their own messages: this type of rules cannot be expressed as a simple boolean.

There are multiple ways of adding a business logic layer on top of the standard Kuzzle security one:

> * With a [Pipe Plugin]({{ site_base_path }}plugins/1/essentials/pipes), you can listen to one or multiple [API events]({{ site_base_path }}plugins/1/events/), and decide whether you accept a query or document according to your business rules (you can see an example on [Github](https://github.com/kuzzleio/kuzzle-plugin-sample-custom-policies))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* With a [Pipe Plugin](/core/1/plugins/plugins/pipes), you can listen to one or multiple [API events](/core/1/plugins/plugins/events/api-events), and decide whether you accept a query or document according to your business rules (you can see an example on [Github](https://github.com/kuzzleio/kuzzle-plugin-sample-custom-policies))
```

> * If all you need is to make sure that submitted documents follow a strict set of formatting rules, you can add [document validators]({{ site_base_path }}guide/1/datavalidation/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If all you need is to make sure that submitted documents follow a strict set of formatting rules, you can add [document validators](/core/1/guide/guides/essentials/data-validation/)
```

> * <DeprecatedBadge version="1.4.0" /> Using <a href="{{ site_base_path }}guide/1/kuzzle-depth/roles-definitions">Permission Closures</a>, you can add functions directly into role definitions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* <DeprecatedBadge version="1.4.0" /> Using <a href="/core/1/guide/guides/kuzzle-depth/roles-definitions/">Permission Closures</a>, you can add functions directly into role definitions
```
